# Minutes of did-pkh work item

## 2 Dec 2021

### Agenda:
1. introductions and questions from guests
2. PRs
3. Issues
4. Open Discussion and next steps

### Minutes:
PRs:
- 15 - resolved to consider CAIP registry an upstream dependency and not to front-run it; also resolved to merge 15 as-is once current draft CAIP is merged as-is, and to reconsider if substantial or breaking changes are applied before merge upstream
- 16 - agreed to follow TallTed's advice on minuting, Juan volunteered to update PR and self-merge
Issues:
- 3-6 discussed-- no timeline commitment, and no commitment to completeness if CAIP registry grows faster than these implementations
- 8 ready for PR - after one or both implementations implement, test vectors will be updated
  + utility/use-cases discussed a bit;
- 10 closed on the [jitsi] call
- 11 assigned to Juan based on Wayne's proposed language on the call
- 18 - added on the call, discussed in detail; could facilitate first-time contributors and might even help with future CAIP methods where, for example, #8 would be more complex to implement
