# Minutes of did-pkh work item

## 13 Jan 2022

{ [audio](https://meet.w3c-ccg.org/archives/w3c-ccg-didpkh-2022-01-13.ogg) | [video (with screenshare)](https://meet.w3c-ccg.org/archives/w3c-ccg-didpkh-2022-01-13.mp4) | minutes (tk) }

### Agenda:

1. introductions and questions from guests
2. PRs
    - 19 ready to go? - [link](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-pkh/pulls/19)
    - 15 - still waiting on upstream
4. Issues
    - 8 - self-assign if no volunteers - [link](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-pkh/issues/8) 
    - 12 - beuhler? - [link](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-pkh/issues/12)
    - 18 - update on process research for vM registration - bumblefudge will keep tracking it (DIDWG --> VCWG)
    - 3, 4, 5, 6 (other chains) - glad to add spec text but Spruce´s implementation isnt supporting them yet, is anyone else´s!
6. Open Discussion and next steps

### Minutes:

- In Attendance:
    - Juan and Cel from Spruce
    - Zach from Ceramic
- PRs and Issues
    - 19 MERGED - [link](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-pkh/pulls/19)
    - 15 - still waiting on upstream
    - 8 - assigned to @bumblefudge - [link](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-pkh/issues/8) 
    - 12 - graciously accepted by first-time caller Zach from Ceramic - [link](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-pkh/issues/12)
    - 18 - rambling update on process research for vM registration - bumblefudge will keep tracking it (DIDWG --> VCWG) and open an upstream PR on `blockchainAddress`
