# Minutes of did-pkh work item

## 24 Mar 2022

Agenda: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-pkh/issues/28

IRC: https://meet.w3c-ccg.org/archives/w3c-ccg-didpkh-2022-03-24-irc.log  
Audio: https://meet.w3c-ccg.org/archives/w3c-ccg-didpkh-2022-03-24.ogg  
Video: https://meet.w3c-ccg.org/archives/w3c-ccg-didpkh-2022-03-24.mp4  

```
did:pkh DID Method Task Force Transcript for 2022-03-23

Organizer:
  Wayne Chang
Scribe:
  Our Robot Overlords
Present:
  Zach (Ceramic), Sergey Ukustov, TallTed // Ted Thibodeau (he/him) 
  (OpenLinkSw.com), Charles E. Lehner, Brian Richter

Our Robot Overlords are scribing.
Charles E. Lehner:  Recording is on.
Charles E. Lehner:  This is the did pkh call and recording is on.
Charles E. Lehner:  So I'm going to find the issue.
Charles E. Lehner:   That I.
Charles E. Lehner:  And for this for this call.
Charles E. Lehner:  And share this in the chat.
Charles E. Lehner: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-pkh/issues/28
Charles E. Lehner:  Does anyone have an agenda items.
Charles E. Lehner:  Currently we there's two open PRs and a bunch 
  of issues.
Charles E. Lehner:  And I wanted to mention the couplet cctc a 
  recovery script oh sweet is there anything else we should talk 
  about.
Charles E. Lehner:  Okay I guess we could start.
Charles E. Lehner:  So the pull request there's two polar quests 
  the first one is number 23.
Charles E. Lehner: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-pkh/pull/23
Charles E. Lehner:  I'm meeting a few several weeks ago that was 
  not really a.
Charles E. Lehner:  Full meeting but one person.
Charles E. Lehner:  Attended as well as me and we talked.
Charles E. Lehner:  Is this something that where we'd be okay 
  with emerging as a as a transcript of a previous call or is 
  nobody comfortable with that today.
Brian Richter:  Seems fine to me I hear them.
<tallted_//_ted_thibodeau_(he/him)_(openlinksw.com)> no objection 
  here
Charles E. Lehner:  All right I'll put a note.
Charles E. Lehner:  There are no objections.
Charles E. Lehner:  I also realized we should probably have 
  introductions I recognize some people here did but does anybody 
  want to introduce themselves.
Brian Richter:  Yeah sure yeah I'm Brian Richter company Aviary 
  Tech who's been hovering around the space for a while now and I 
  had been meaning to join these calls but didn't see it on my 
  calendar and can find it for a while but then I saw you and Juan 
  talking about it and there wasn't many people joining so I found 
  it in here.
Charles E. Lehner:  Cool thanks Brian welcome did the auto scribe 
  describe your company's name correctly.
Charles E. Lehner:  Or how is it spelled.
Zach_(Ceramic): And I can go as well yeah I'm Zach I'm with the 
  three-box Labs team working on ceramic and work on the client 
  libraries and some of the education stuff Join one of these is a 
  few weeks ago or maybe a few months now not too familiar the 
  process here but yeah we'll try to be here more often.
Charles E. Lehner:  Cool thanks Zack welcome.
Charles E. Lehner:  And I'm Charles Laney from Spruce sorry go 
  ahead.
Charles E. Lehner:  And all Ted is everyone no tell Ted Ted you 
  want to introduce yourself.
TallTed_//_Ted_Thibodeau_(he/him)_(OpenLinkSw.com): Sure I can do 
  that I'm Ted Thibodeau, with OpenLink Software have been for 20 
  plus years.
TallTed_//_Ted_Thibodeau_(he/him)_(OpenLinkSw.com): I'm involved 
  with a whole bunch of identity related working groups and 
  Community groups on W3 and this is just one of them not high on 
  the crypto but many of the other pieces.
Charles E. Lehner:  Call thanks Daddy.
Charles E. Lehner:  And I'm Charles I work at Spruce and I'm in 
  the did working group The VC working group credentials community 
  group and implementing software at Spruce and working on this 
  work item at ccg.
Charles E. Lehner:  So I guess we could proceed with PRS and 
  issues unless anybody has any any other ideas.
Charles E. Lehner:  Okay so that was PR number 23 the next one 
  open is number 15.
Charles E. Lehner: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-pkh/pull/15
Charles E. Lehner:  In no particular order this is ADD support 
  for a Leo.
Charles E. Lehner:  And I think this is still waiting on iron 
  iron the The Capes process to approve this alien namespace.
Charles E. Lehner:  Is there anything else to mention about this.
Charles E. Lehner:  Okay I put.
Charles E. Lehner:  Know in the comments about that.
Charles E. Lehner:  So next we can we have issues and.
Charles E. Lehner:  And we have this additional agenda item that 
  I added there's nine issues.
Charles E. Lehner: https://github.com/w3c/vc-wg-charter/pull/105
Charles E. Lehner:  I guess I'll just mention this this VC 
  working group Charter PR 105 that's was something I wanted to 
  share with this work item call because it's relevant for you did 
  pkh.
Charles E. Lehner:  It's a signature sweet for Recovery ecdsa 
  recovery signature for a sec P 256 K 1 and this is useful for did 
  pkh we use it we specify to use it in the in the did pkh spec and 
  it's because you can create a signature.
Charles E. Lehner:  Then recover the public key and then hash the 
  public key to verify that it corresponds to a blockchain account 
  ID.
Charles E. Lehner:  To beat that the pkh did is using.
Charles E. Lehner:  Does that make sense for our just anyone have 
  any questions about that.
Charles E. Lehner:  I don't hear any questions or comments.
Charles E. Lehner:  All right so that's that I guess then there's 
  issues.
Brian Richter:  I guess I guess I do have a comment so I voiced 
  my Swan on the issue I'm just wondering with the if there's 
  anything else we could do to make sure it gets into the charter 
  or anything else we can help with anything.
Charles E. Lehner:  Oh I don't know but I thank you Brian for 
  that comment.
Brian Richter:  Certain important work thanks for getting the 
  yarn.
Charles E. Lehner:  Hopefully it will be okay with the working 
  group.
Charles E. Lehner:  So then as for the issues there's nine open 
  does anybody have any particular issue they'd want to discuss 
  first.
Charles E. Lehner:  If not we can just go in the order that 
  they're listed.
Charles E. Lehner:  Prioritize by labels and then stay list 
  first.
Charles E. Lehner:  There's 13 minutes left for this scheduled 
  call do we feel this is a good use of the time or would we rather 
  have a different format or prefer to do this with.
Charles E. Lehner:  The other the other work item people.
Zach_(Ceramic): Yeah I don't I don't have much contact some of 
  these I guess last time I was pinned on one issue that I never 
  followed up on so the phone is contact some I guess number 12 I'd 
  be interested or in general how to navigate this the otherwise I 
  will contact some other issues.
Charles E. Lehner:  Anyone else have any other thoughts.
Brian Richter:  Let's start with that one see.
Charles E. Lehner: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-pkh/issues/12
Charles E. Lehner:  Okay sounds good so there's issue number 12 
  playing Json text Vac test vectors still needed as noted in 
  number seven which is the pr that added test Vector did documents 
  which were later updated so I guess the idea is that these are 
  json-ld test vectors.
Charles E. Lehner:  And LD documents and their this issue is 
  called for Json did documents.
Charles E. Lehner:  I've had trouble seeing a consensus among the 
  did working group about if the Json did document is supposed to 
  be the same as a json-ld dig document as far as Json or if it's 
  supposed to just have the @context omitted.
Charles E. Lehner:  Does anybody have ideas about that.
Charles E. Lehner:  It could be something that as a did method we 
  could take a stance on.
Brian Richter:  I think personally I think committing the context 
  doesn't really add anything and it only subtract.
Charles E. Lehner:  So if it's if it's only the same if it's only 
  the same exact object then maybe it's not necessary or maybe the 
  suspect could be updated to say that that they can be used either 
  way.
Charles E. Lehner:  Are there any other ideas about this.
Charles E. Lehner:  Jack do you think that it would be good to 
  have a different set of test factors that are playing Json or do 
  you think these could be use used as as Json even though they're 
  originally json-ld.
Zach_(Ceramic): Yeah I don't have enough context to say but this 
  is mostly asking about this issue still relevant led to comment 
  on it and if there's any one thing yet figure out of context on 
  it.
Zach_(Ceramic): Not at the moment.
Charles E. Lehner:  Is there anything we could say in the issue 
  thread that would be relevant.
Charles E. Lehner:  Okay I'll tell you that weird if it seems 
  when we don't have a decision about this or enough context today 
  to make any decision about it.
Charles E. Lehner:  I'm writing a comment.
Charles E. Lehner:  Also we do have the CG but here so if anyone 
  wants to Q Plus is so small call but that could be useful.
Charles E. Lehner:  Okay I wrote a comment.
Charles E. Lehner:  Shall we going to more issues.
Charles E. Lehner:  Well I guess that's what we could do.
Charles E. Lehner:  Next shoe is number 27 update registration 
  and did spec registries.
Charles E. Lehner:  Just something that we're going to go honors.
Charles E. Lehner:  I have opinions about it.
Brian Richter:  I have a sort of unrelated question is there a 
  rendered version of the spec or is it just the markdown in the 
  GitHub.
Charles E. Lehner:  It's just the markdown currently which is 
  rendered as that that file that there's no other web page 
  currently do we feel like this is sufficient or not.
Brian Richter:  I think it's probably fine but I don't really 
  have any strong opinions.
Charles E. Lehner:  I'm going back to the issues list.
Charles E. Lehner:  Stillest first order.
Charles E. Lehner: https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-pkh/issues/18
Charles E. Lehner:  We have numbers 18 Upstream wishlist item.
Charles E. Lehner:  Public or objective verification method 
  specification.
Charles E. Lehner:  I think we might need one on this call to 
  address this.
TallTed_//_Ted_Thibodeau_(he/him)_(OpenLinkSw.com): Looks like 
  adding a help wanted tag to this could also be good.
Charles E. Lehner:  I guess as far as the verification method 
  used in did pkh the blockchain method is being suggested in this 
  issue blockchain 2021 under or he's account.
Charles E. Lehner:  And this is also in the VC working group 
  Charter as one of the possible input documents so or no it's not 
  I'm sorry the pgp crypto Sweta is but the blockchain one is not 
  so.
Charles E. Lehner:  Something relevant in the future.
Charles E. Lehner:  But we can't do much with the right now I 
  think.
Charles E. Lehner:  Well unless anyone has anything else about 
  that I think maybe it'd be good if we can talk about the 
  scheduling of this call.
Charles E. Lehner:  Because one said that this time is not 
  working for dif.
Charles E. Lehner:  And He suggests Tuesday or Wednesday but we 
  also have to check with Joel about that is anyone on this call 
  currently have requests or priorities for scheduling of this call 
  and the future.
Brian Richter:  It would work I'm sorry well for me on Wednesdays 
  or Tuesdays.
Brian Richter:  Yeah Wednesday might be better.
TallTed_//_Ted_Thibodeau_(he/him)_(OpenLinkSw.com): Tuesday's 
  pretty full for people involved in CG and did work it may be 
  worth starting to Doodle Poll for this.
Charles E. Lehner:  What about after VC working group.
TallTed_//_Ted_Thibodeau_(he/him)_(OpenLinkSw.com): On which day.
TallTed_//_Ted_Thibodeau_(he/him)_(OpenLinkSw.com): It looks like 
  that could work at least for me I can't speak for others.
Charles E. Lehner:  I have a conflict with.
Charles E. Lehner:  With that if so if it's too complicated we 
  could we could try to do polling.
Charles E. Lehner:  This would be a 12 or maybe 12 15 on 
  Wednesday Eastern Time.
Charles E. Lehner:  Okay well that's it for this half hour.
Charles E. Lehner:  Thanks everybody for for joining.
TallTed_//_Ted_Thibodeau_(he/him)_(OpenLinkSw.com): Charles all 
  suggest that you throw a message out to I don't know what the 
  appropriate list is for this But whichever listed is suggesting 
  the possibility of the Wednesday time and see what happens.
Charles E. Lehner:  Okay good idea thanks Ted.
Charles E. Lehner:  I'm any recording now.
Brian Richter:  Maybe even the ccg mailing list for that.
Charles E. Lehner:  Recording his sorry what's that.
TallTed_//_Ted_Thibodeau_(he/him)_(OpenLinkSw.com): All right I'm 
  just saying next time.
Brian Richter:  Maybe even the ccg mailing list for that and then 
  you might get more interest joining as well.
Charles E. Lehner:  Yep I thought that's what Ted suggested was 
  he saying the VC working group mailing list.
Brian Richter:  No no he just didn't clarify what that's for 
  that.
Charles E. Lehner:  Okay well that sounds good okay thanks have a 
  good one.
<zach_(ceramic)> thanks!
```
