# Minutes of did-pkh work item

## 27 Jan 2022

{ [audio](https://meet.w3c-ccg.org/archives/w3c-ccg-didpkh-2022-01-27.ogg) | [video (with screenshare)](https://meet.w3c-ccg.org/archives/w3c-ccg-didpkh-2022-01-27.mp4) }

### Agenda:

1. introductions and questions from guests
3. PRs
    - [22](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-pkh/pull/22)
5. issues
    - [18](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-pkh/issue/18) - main topic to discuss
6. Open Discussion and next steps

### Minutes:

1. introductions and questions from guests
    - Ceramic folks all missing out for company retreat
3. PRs
    - [22](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-pkh/pull/22) - uncontroversial, merged on call
5. issues
    - [18](https://github.com/w3c-ccg/did-pkh/issue/18) - main topic to discuss
        - Cel: Orie's LDP vocab seems the best place to put did-pkh stuff, can we make that a CCG work item and work on it in this time slot? 
        - Juan: That sounds great, let me reach out to some people and see if that would work. Might need a CAIP for it.
6. Open Discussion and next steps
    - JC: New CASA/CAIP structure next week might help simplify some of this; would like session key and session key vMs to be part of this work eventually
